# journaling_app

As a way to keep my Python skills sharp, I began developing this journaling application for personal use. I have always had trouble deciding what to build, and when researching ideas, one of the most common answers was to "work on something that you care about". As a part-time writer in my current position, and someone who is looking to develop a habit of journaling, this seemed like the perfect project for me. 

There are currently two versions of the program based on which .py file you run. The first, scratch.py, opens a basic tkinter calendar. When selecting a day and pressing the button, a notepad opens up that is attached to that date. I researched further improvements to the functionality and UI/UX of the application, which led me to creating the second version, bootsctrap.py.

I was finding a lot of other programmers used tkkbootstrap to create a modern looking GUI for the calendar. I know I should probably continue to add functionality before flash, but here we are. This opens a new window where I manually enter a date, and the journal entry opens. There is no calendar appearing currently, just a better looking GUI where I type the date. 

Ideally, I want to combine the modern GUI of bootstrap with the calendar functionality of default tkinter's tkCalendar. However, so far I have not found a way to do so, and am looking into other alternatives. I deemed this a good stopping point. I would next like to add a password screen for accessing the journal and a homepage which includes a clock,  button to open the calendar, and a password changer. I would also like to create a SQLite backend to store the journal entries, which I have researched and seen other developers do. 